## Department_project_3rd_year
In today world everyone wants easy to life. In current days everything will be turn into automation. We are developing fully automated self-control mobile bot. Which is a prototype self-driving automation vehicle.
To make mobile bot which operate automatically and take decision like human.
Under the project Autonomous Mobile Bot, we made a bot, which is just avoid the obstacle and the perform action accordingly using his own understanding. Bot runs under the machine learning algorithm (where root mean square error correction is applied). Connected sonar sensor just sense the distance and send the distance data to Raspberry Pi Then Pi send the Classified signal (after Running algorithms) and using the signals we run the motor and control the directions for turning the Bot.
Whole system implemented on the manually made small aluminium chassis.
Here we use the python language for the programming purpose to set up the environment in the pi and using the rasbian we upload the code to the raspberry pi. We assume here that everything is being calibrated as we are using the hardware’s that is need to be calibrated by the means of voltage calibration and the power consumptions. So here we are so many constraints like the microcontroller raspberry pi, motor driver shield, ultrasonic sensors and the camera modules, power supply that is battery or the electricity power that are we giving to it. All these things need to be calibrated here by the means of the power and as well as the voltage consumption.
We need here our processor to process the data so fast that it will give the less delay to the processing of the data and sending the required action towards the input data is given or the whatever the situation is there
